{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FRIDAY 25th SEPTEMBER (doors opens at 7pm)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
1099\
From Trondheim, Norway. Sublime instrumental tracks on the heavier side of the genre, with majestic themes and melodies.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://1099.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://1099.bandcamp.com/}}\
\
Spurv \
From Oslo, Norway. Melodic, massive and heavy post-rock, that offers both catharsis and an escape into another world.\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://spurv.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf3 https://\ul spurv.bandcamp.com/}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Oh Hiroshima\
From Kristinehamn, Sweden. Rich and epic instrumental tracks with an ability to steal away your consciousness. The band fills a void in the genre you did't know existed.\
https://ohhiroshima.bandcamp.com/\
\
6LA8\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Coming from Pakistan, 6LA8 attempt to condense and convey the frustrations and desires that result from wishful thinking and pessimism.\
http://6la8.bandcamp.com/
\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 SATURDAY 26th SEPTEMBER (doors opens at 7pm)\
All Shall Be Well - From Haarlem, The Netherlands. With melodies built on themes, their music can be heard as stories rather than songs because of their associative level\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://allshallbewell.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf3 https://allshallbewell.bandcamp.com\ul /}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Caves of Steel - From Oslo, Norway. Instrumental music that reside in\
the classical post-rock landscape, but with a unique sound and mood.\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://music.cavesofsteel.no/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf3 http://\ul music.cavesofsteel.no/}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The Seven Mile Journey - From Aalborg, Denmark. The tracks move through gloomy and melancholic passages to intense and captivating soundscapes. Takes you on a truly beautiful journey.\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sevenmilejourney.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf3 https://sevenmilejourney.bandcamp.c\ul om/}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Watered - From Karlsruhe, Germany. Plays an atmospheric hybrid of post-rock and ambient soundscapes, along with some metal influences as well as electronic elements.\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://watered.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf3 https://\ul watered.bandcamp.com/}}
\f1 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \ulnone Tides from Nebula - From Warsaw, Poland. The headliner band plays hard-hitting post-rock that makes no compromises.\
https://tidesfromnebulaofficial.bandcamp.com/\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
}