{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 STATIC INFO ON ALL PAGES\

\b0 \
VIVID. A POST_ROCK FESTIVAL\
25 & 26 SEPTEMBER, KRISTIANSAND, NORWAY\
\
VIVID is a small post-rock / post-metal festival with an international line up \
ABOUT // PROGRAM  //  UPDATES  //  TICKETS  //  INFO  // CONTACT  // VOLUNTEER? \
\
(menu items will get underline when hoover, or selected/active) \
\

\b SUB PAGES
\b0 \
\

\b ABOUT 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Vivid is an annual Post-Rock/ Post-Metal festival held on the south coast in Norway. The first edition will be at the 25th and 26th of September 2015, aiming to establishing itself as a unique music festival emphasising audiovisual expressions, inclusion and hospitality. VIVID, \'93evocative, lifelike\cf2 \'94\cf0  describes not only our understanding of the post-rock genre - throughout the two days of the festival we want to expose post-rock to a new group of people, and to become a vivid cross road for both artists and audience, and musicians and visual artists. As part of the overall concept we will experiment with new ways of involving audience and audiovisual expressions. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380
\cf0 \
The festival is dependent on volunteer contributions from both artists, organisers and friends alike. Throughout the two day festival there will be tea- and food gatherings, and if we manage workshops where international artists playing at the festival shares some of their knowledge and experience. \
\

\b PROGRAM 
\b0 \

\b Friday 25th of September
\fs26  19.00.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
1099 (NO)\
three sentence description + link\
\
Spurv (NO)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 three sentence description + link\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 The seven mile journey (DK)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 three sentence description + link\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 (to be announced)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\b \cf0 Saturday 26th of September
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf0 \
Watered (DE)\
three sentence description + link\
\
Caves of Steel (NO)\
three sentence description + link\
\
All shall be well (NL)\
three sentence description + link\
\
Tides from Nebula (PL)\
three sentence description + link
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380
\cf0 \
See updates on Facebook (external link opening in new tab https://www.facebook.com/pages/VIVID-a-post-rock-festival/1548458122107741 ) for recent changes. \
\

\b UPDATES 
\b0 \
(external link opening up in a new tab): https://www.facebook.com/pages/VIVID-a-post-rock-festival/1548458122107741\
\

\b TICKETS 
\b0 \
Tickets will be of three different types. \
1. Dagsbillett // Day ticket, for either 25th or 26th of September, 250 NKR\
2. Festivalpass // Festival ticket, for both 25th and 26th of September, 400 NKR\
3. Festivalpakke // Festival package, festival ticket including bed* and breakfast at the tiny festival hotel together with bands and fans, 1000 NKR (Juhu!)\
\
*beds are proper hotel beds, not dorm beds, but of logistic reasons you may have to share your room with others. \
\
You may purchase your ticket online or at the door (50 NKR extra). For online purchase, go to Hoopla (external link opening up in a new tab). The site is unfortunately only in norwegian, but here are the steps to follow for your ticket purchase in norwegian :) \
\
1. Go to Hoopla (external link opening up in a new tab)\
2. Select the ticket of your choice \
3. Select \'93Neste\'94, which means \'93Next\'94 in norwegian\
4. Choose between receiving your ticket by sms or email (probably preferable for non-norwegians).  \
\

\b INFO \
Venue\

\b0 We are happy to announce that the festival will take place in the old cinema in town, with its central location, and concrete 80ies architecture. You will find Aladdin, Senter for film, litteratur, musikk og scenekunst (external link opening a new tab http://www.aladdinkulturhus.no/om/) in Kongensgate 6. \
\

\b Festival hotel
\b0 \
Sj\'f8gl\'f8tt Hotell (external link opening a new tab http://www.sjoglott.no/) is equally centrally located in \'d8stre Strandgate 25, just two blocks from the venue and a stone throw from the sea. \
\

\b Transport\
Train\

\b0 Trains go from Oslo to Krisiansand or Stavanger to Kristiansand. Book your train tickets early (the same one-way ticket may vary in price dependent on availability from 199 NKR up to 600 NKR).
\b \
\
Flights \

\b0 There are direct flights to Kjevik Airport from all major cities in Norway and from Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Gdansk, Split, Alicante. \
\

\b Ferry\

\b0 Color Line sails from Hirtshals (Denmark) to Kristiansand twice a day. 
\b \
\
Accomodation \

\b0 In addition to the tiny festival hotel we have made arrangement with the nice people at Yess! hotel to give our guests reduced price. Let them know you come to Kristiansand for the festival and they will give you 20% off the price. 
\b \

\b0 \
For other hotels, see this overview (external link opening a new tab http://www.kristiansand-norway.com/accommodation/kristiansandhotels.html)\
\

\b Partners\

\b0 To keep the ticket prices low, without crashing our own private economy, we are dependent on the bands to play for free, a lot of volunteers and good partners. \
\
This is the list of VIVIDs partners so far. \
\
Kristiansand Kommune\
\
Sj\'f8gl\'f8tt Hotell\
\
Compilation (external link https://www.facebook.com/pages/Compilation/244283770433)\
Compilation er en postrock-fanzine som tar sjangeren p\'e5 kornet, samtidig som mangfoldet utforskes. Det innholdsrike bladet byr p\'e5 intervjuer, konsertfoto, tegninger/illustrasjoner og CD med masse bra musikk. Utgis av Maria Dorothea Schrattenholz.\

\b \
CONTACT \

\b0 Please do not hesitate to contact us by info@vividpostrock.no\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 VOLUNTEER? 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380
\cf0 Want to join us making this happen? Not to crash our own private economy we are dependent on not only bands playing for free, but a lot of friends to join as volunteers. Please do join! In return for your help you will get your festival ticket and meals. \
\
We need people to help out in the bar, at the food stand, selling tickets at the door, runners & roadies +++\
\
If you want to volunteer, send us an email at volunteer@vividpostrock.no\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
}